there are several tales from Canada that
I'm not qualified to tell and rather
than tell them myself I'm asking you to
go and listen to some other people
there's no adverts on this video there's
no comments because I would like to give
some time to other people to speak so
you could start by looking into the
residential schools a whole generation
ripped from their families and a part of
Canada's history that very few outside
the country know about that is still in
living memory I have met folks in this
country while I've been traveling around
who have just casually mentioned in
conversation that they would take into
one of the schools or you could look
more into the history of giant mine and
how the prospectors just saw empty land
and ignored the people who already lived
there I really want to talk to the local
First Nations folks in Yellowknife
throughout that but the timing didn't
work out one of the disadvantages of
traveling first is that sometimes I have
to miss things there are a couple of
technical stories here in Vancouver that
haven't worked out for that reason -
despite what some terrible high school
teachers might think history is not a
dry collection of facts historians have
to interpret they have to analyze and
they inevitably bring their own biases
and perspectives into it and I'm not a
historian so take a moment look at the
links on screen or if you prefer to
research by reading pull down the
description it is time for me to let
some other people have a safe
[Music]